Poppy Pakinui Schlaadt - 6057450
webpage:
https://schpo592.cspages.otago.ac.nz/203-assignment-1
repository:
https://altitude.otago.ac.nz/schpo592/203-assignment-1

COSC203 - Assignment One

1) A list of any third party code/libraries used.
- Did not use any.



2) A brief description of any unresolved issues.

Still some problems with the websites responsiveness in realtion to tab sizes.
I was unable to check lots of different sizes (mostly mobile ratios), so some of 
the resizing may be incorrect. 
I have corrected any I found, but there may be more I didnt see.

If a string being searched has a space at the end of it (i.e. 'south ' rather than 
'south) the name search only comes up with birds whos names also have the space (i.e. 
'south ' will not match 'southland').
I'm not sure if this is what it is supposed to be like or if you should ignore the 
last space in the string being searched.

There is an inline bit of Javascript code, which I could not find a better way around.
The majority of the code is in seperate files but this was the only way I was able to 
figure out how to get the html to select between one of two .js files.

Liked birds reset after the page is refreshed.

Boa.html passes the W3C Validator with 0 errors and 0 warnings, but since I have created 
some html in my .js files I'm not sure if that needs to be checked in there too, I can't 
figure out an easy way to check the whole thing.



3) A brief description of any enhancements or extra features for bonus marks.

When you are on a device whos screen in larger than 600px, you are able to click the 
order or family name on the bird card and the page will reload with all (if any) 
birds sharing that same family/order.

A home button in the top left corner which reloads all 68 birds and scrolls back to 
the top of the page.

On a device with a width of less than 600px the sidebar is hidden, it opens when 
you click the button in the far left '☰' (three horizontal lines). 
You can exit the sidebar by clicking the same button (when open the buttons text is 'X') 
or clicking the filter results button.

In the sort by dropdown in the sidebar, I added several options:
- Lightest to Heaviest
- Heaviest to Lightest
- Shortest to Tallest
- Tallest to Shortest
- A to Z by Scientific name
- Z to A by Scientific name
- Common to Extinct
- Extinct to Common

I made a heart button that appears over the photo of each bird.
It works on both mobile and desktop.
A like button was added beside the home button which shows all the birds 
you have liked.
You can unlike birds aswell.

